well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
absurdity
late last night i released a video that
i thought
was just over the top absurd and then i
looked at today's headlines
this administration has devolved to the
point where
people who make jokes by being
ridiculously absurd
can no longer do so because the
administration with no sense of humor
and no hint of irony
will do something more absurd within the
next 24 hours
donald trump jr has
had his twitter taken away
because of let's just say some
less than scientific tweets
um that he chose to make
about health care
in the middle of
this
that should be an issue this is a man
that has untold amounts of influence
within this administration
and was tweeting out something so false
so absurd
that twitter suspended his ability to
tweet
it was that bad
that should be a sign at the same time
you have the attorney general
who is in charge of the us's
mass incarceration program lamenting
unfair prison sentences
you can't make this stuff up
this entire thing with stone is unique
in the sense that
on some level they're right
they're right u.s prison sentences are
far too long at the same time
they're making no effort to address the
issue they just want
their friends their cronies their
buddies exempted from it
you know one of the handy definitions of
tyranny
you know an informal one you know you're
under tyranny when
the government is able to do things you
can't
when there's two sets of rules
that certainly seems to apply
now we've been teasing long format
content for a while
that will be coming very soon if you see
a video
starting with let's really talk about
subject whatever that's what it is
the way these are going to be formatted
i think
we'll see once we actually start
recording um
is the first segment will be
a video just like this so if you don't
want to stick around for the longer
content
you don't really miss anything you get a
good general overview
and then there will be a break and then
there will be a deep dive
into one element of that video
and it's very likely that you'll start
seeing these appear occasionally
in the next few days
now it's not going to replace the the
channel
we're still going to do these videos on
a daily basis the way we always have
this is going to be additional content
we have other long format stuff coming
as well
they will uh they'll be
significantly different so different
that they may end up on their own
channel
they may be separated from this uh we'll
see how that develops
as it goes along if you want to laugh
instead of cry at today's events
go watch that video i released last
night and realize
that our real world is more absurd than
anything
people who like satire can dream up
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day